RHIDP-12608/12573: MCP doc updates for 1.10 (#2168)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/integrate_interacting-with-model-context-protocol-tools-for-rhdh/ref-get-scaffolder-task-logs.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="get-scaffolder-task-logs_{context}"]
= Get Scaffolder task logs

[role="_abstract"]

> Use this tool to retrieve log events for a task to monitor progress or troubleshoot execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve log events for a task to monitor execution progress or diagnose template failures.
```
Added the when context.
